Adding Asset Mapper support + new StimulusBundle (#887)
symfony/ux: src/Notify/CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 2.9.0

> -   Support for symfony/asset-mapper was added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Add support for symfony/asset-mapper
```

> -   The `symfony/webpack-encore-bundle` dependency was replaced by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Replace `symfony/webpack-encore-bundle` by `symfony/stimulus-bundle` in dependencies
```
